Welcome to another profile.
I am going to talk about the
third pedro henrique
it has the following components
processor is an effect 6 300 with the
motherboard gigabyte gear 78 mts2 of
Ram memory is a little corner of four
gigas of the visible brand pdr 3333
hba1c mega-hertz and 1 terabyte gate
j3 video card is an area of ​​77
seventy from a spin to xfx the source is a
cei three beques ian 50 r black edition
of the cabinet a home tech g fire show
his computer first image to
cabinet overview of his housekeeping
the cables of this cabinet brand for me
It's novelty but what can I say that
the cabinet exported a nice relationship
setting it up a configuration
but it has an excellent cost
benefit and already performs well
cool
in this other image we see and the f6 300
It's refrigerated, he concluded .
for those who do not know the word death
means that the club that comes with the
then when you buy a
processor arm and come with that spoon
and we can also see the comb
memory brand 4g
there we have the hd seagate that is 1
terabyte
He only has this hd in his image.
see his video card that is from xfx is
hd7 70 a video card than the model
but it plays games there with
excellent graphics such as
robert 4 in the middle in full hd and one
very economical insert that will not
spend a lot of energy so her
very low and this means that you do not
need to invest very important
xfx works with the model of
refrigeration gouche in this series 7000 will
tell me that it is very efficient and
silent
then this video card has cost
very good benefit and is recommended
by the majority of the forum goes beyond
lnet as his video card does not
loses a lot on the day he put a fountain
three technicians who do not have
more than 80%, but already guarantees
there you run the settings that it
It has
although I do not recommend putting a
source of this I preferred to put some 6 x
4 30 will give you certain that despite having
a lower power
it has a much better efficiency than
in the end it will give you a
power greater than this source there but
in the configuration of it is running nice
and we have a
cabinet that obviously looks pretty and
Nice has a simple action that
machines of this caliber and legal cobain
designer and handsome he has an air flow
also reasonable he placed the lion in the
front of 12 cm and one behind
two centimeters because already
enough to have a cool airflow
this cabinet he has four sb 2.0
front and for those who play rich more than
two people is ideal for you to place
a joystick, right?
and has a side acrylic and you
can view part of the processor
and the video card
so guys this was another pc from
I hope you have
liked if you liked it add favorites and
click on the ladybug you want to send the
photos I perceive the first enrolled
just send the photos first is on
description of this video and wait for my
contact with a hug and until the next
video and thanks